users/jandrew/fixingbrokenlinks (#2355)
MicrosoftDocs/edge-developer: microsoft-edge/visual-studio-code/microsoft-edge-devtools-extension.md

| Approach | Pros and Cons | Article |
|---|---|---|

> | Browser > DevTools > **Elements** tool | You have to manually copy changes from DevTools into your source files. | [Inspect, edit, and debug HTML and CSS with the Elements tool](/microsoft-edge/devtools-guide-chromium/elements-tool/elements-tool) |

Reviewer: Global for PR: To link to another page in this repo, use "Relative" path pattern (dots on left, .md on right) like:
../devtools-guide-chromium/elements-tool/elements-tool.md
Test the link in VS Code by Ctrl+Click.  Supports autocompletion.  
Or use Alt+M to add a link: **Link > Link to file in repo**.

Author: fixed in the pr

> | Browser > DevTools > **Elements** tool | You have to manually copy changes from DevTools into your source files. | [Inspect, edit, and debug HTML and CSS with the Elements tool](/microsoft-edge/devtools-guide-chromium/elements-tool/elements-tool) |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Browser > DevTools > **Elements** tool | You have to manually copy changes from DevTools into your source files. | [Inspect, edit, and debug HTML and CSS with the Elements tool](../devtools-guide-chromium/elements-tool/elements-tool.md) |
```
test that eg ctrl+click it in VS Code

Author: fixed
